# Week 11

## Yago

For this sprint, I had assigned a couple of coding tasks and one related to QA,
in preparation for the final submission of the product.

I was able to successfully complete the two new features, which were follow-ups
for the due date feature in tasks. The relevant PRs are
[#280](https://github.com/steroid-team/app/issues/280) and
[#282](https://github.com/steroid-team/app/issues/282).

Unfortunately I could not start the QA work, so it will be my top priority for
next week.

As for interactions with the team, I reviewed
[#284](https://github.com/steroid-team/app/issues/284).

## Leandro

This week I finished implementing the tests for the tag feature, solved the
issues brought by the latest merges and applied the modifications Yago and
Sydney suggested. I also worked on enhancing the view to display the tags.
These last changes are not finished yet, but they should be next week. Since I
struggled with testing some of the database-related functions, Théo gave me a
very helpful hand.

This week, it was very difficult to get organized because of all of the
workload in the various other courses, but I still managed to do most of the
work I intended.

## Noah

This week I’ve managed to complete the “group todos by date” task, which was a
big one and not an easy one for me. I had to spend a lot of time on
understanding the nested recyclerview and the adapter, when I finally had well
understood it, it was a lot easier to do it properly. I’ve also helped Theo for
his task of grouping the “done” tasks, since I was very familiar with all the
adapters. He also helped me a lot with his reviews on my PR. Thanks to him I
spotted some issues and corrected them.

I thought that I could also implement the embedded draws, but I’m facing many
issues, so I’ll see how to do it next sprint.

This time, I’ve started working pretty early and it was good because I could
submit my PR early in the week. Next sprint I will try to spend less time on
understanding on my own and maybe ask for help sooner when I face some issues.

## Théo

This week I finish the persistence of an image in the database. It was much
longer than expected as I incorporate the caching functionality in it.
It took me also some time to have a nice design: rounded corners for the image
and re-scaling it. But it will complete the sensor-usage requirement as we are
not just saving an image but we did some operation on it.
This was my big task.
For the little one about sorting done task, I waited for Noah's work and he
helps me a lot on it. So it was quite easy to do it.
I also take some times to review PRs.

This week was much better for me. I managed to have a PR ready early in the
week and I did to others after. So I think my work was well split.

## Vincent (scrum master)

This week I had a workload that was larger than usual in other courses for
EPFL, and unfortunately I couldn’t spend as much time as I wanted on SDP. I had
quite a large task assigned to me this sprint, so I decided to split it this
time.

I hope that by next week the entire feature will be completed nice and clean.

## Sydney

For this sprint I found myself working late on the tasks for various reasons.
Instead of working on my assigned task, I decided to work on improving test
coverage with PR #284.

I reviewed some PRs, and there was no one to help this week.


## Overall team

This week was hard for a few of us due to workload from other courses at the
end of this semester. Many PRs came at the end of the week, like last sprint.
As a consequence fewer PRs have been merged.

On the bright side, there has been even more help and cooperation in the team
than last week. We got better working as a group. It is nice to see some
progress on that side before the end of the semester.

As for the state of the app, it has a good design and architecture, it just
needs a few more features to make it very nice to use and hopefully we will
merge a few of them in the incoming last sprint.
